now for the wax job seriously they'll
take forever you'll be done in a flash
with my latest invention the wax orator
allow me
wow that's amazing
I'm Ben Kings cousin I didn't know you
had a cousin Ben's been showing me up my
whole life his clothes and accessories
were never sold separately I've been so
busy I haven't spent much time with my
favorite Gus so here I am oh sweet
how about it Ken want to spend the day
together sure what do you want to do we
could go hiking well I'm not much of an
outdoorsman go hiking it is and you're
coming with us Barbie let's go huh
thirsty Barbie I brought you your fave
sparkling mineral water I'll do that for
you Barbie I love me I've got kungfu
grip what a doll not only that I have
127 points of articulation making me
totally possible
I am a certified bear whisperer that's
so buddy he was never gonna eat us
he's on a low plastic diet funny yeah
hilarious
Monali talented no I'm not just being
noble Barbies better off without me
oh sorry look at me talking your
blowhole off are you okay what's wrong
don't worry about me Barbie go enjoy
your party I'll just wander the beach
alone by myself abandoned
did I mention alone what are you talking
about let's face it Barbie Ben's the
better doll and I only want the best for
you so I should just step aside
now you listen to me 10 Carson that may
be good at some things but you're the
best boyfriend in the world really like
sherbet and that's a deal-breaker for me
thanks buddy I usually do this by
folding